README.md, before:

# programacao-ac
Lista de programas de computador surgidos no contexto da análise do comportamento.

## Análise de dados, Banco de dados, Graficação

[Picanço & Barros (2015). Symmetry Evaluation by Comparing Acquisition of Conditional Relations in Successive (Go/No-Go) Matching-to-Sample Training](https://github.com/cpicanco/publications_analysis/tree/master/picanco_etal_2015)

[Picanço & Tonneau (2016). Análise do comportamento por meio de rastreamento de movimentos oculares: uma nota técnica.](https://github.com/cpicanco/abpmc-2016)

## Controle de estímulos, Ensino individualizado, Esquemas de reforço

[EAM - Emparelhamento ao Modelo](https://github.com/eep-lab/eam)

[Generating Variable and Random Schedules of Reinforcement Using Microsoft Excel Macros](dx.doi.org/10.1901/jaba.2008.41-227)

[LECH-GEIC - Gerenciador de Ensino Individualizado por Computador](http://geic.ufscar.br/site/)

[MTS v 11.6, Software for research and education](http://www.scielo.br/scielo.php?script=sci_nlinks&ref=000097&pid=S0102-3772201000020000900011&lng=es)

[Software Contingência programada: Utilidade e Funcionalidades](http://www.periodicos.ufpa.br/index.php/rebac/article/view/3949)

[Software para aprendizagem e reabilitação auditiva usando a tentativa do tipo discriminação simples simultânea](http://www.br-ie.org/pub/index.php/wie/article/view/2080)

[Super State - A computer program for the control of operant behavioral experimentation](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jneumeth.2006.01.004)

[Stimulus control - Uma máquina de ensinar para experimentos comportamentais](https://github.com/cpicanco/stimulus_control)

[PaolaChoice](https://bitbucket.org/twoelz/paolachoice)

[RegraSensiMts](https://bitbucket.org/twoelz/regrasensimts)

## Cultura

[Free Culturant: A software for the experimental study of behavioral and cultural selection](http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/pne0000016)

[free-mtrix - Experimentos de seleção cultural e comportamento social livres](https://github.com/lacs-ufpa/free-mtrix)

[Lineages](https://bitbucket.org/twoelz/lineages)

[mtrix - Experimentos de seleção cultural e comportamento social](https://github.com/lacs-ufpa/mtrix)

## MED State Notation

[Operant Behaviour Programs for Med Associates chambers](https://github.com/SKhoo/MedStateNotation)

## Simuladores

[Sniffy, the virtual rat: Simulated operant conditioning](https://link.springer.com/article/10.3758/BF03204606)

## Testes, Exemplos e Protótipos

[Protótipos (Object Pascal)](https://github.com/cpicanco/free-pascal-prototypes)

# Programas surgidos em outros contextos, mas possivelmente de interesse do analista do comportamento

## Psicofísica

[PsychoPy—Psychophysics software in Python](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jneumeth.2006.11.017)

## Economia Experimental, Cognição, Neurociência

[Expyriment - A Python library for cognitive and neuroscientific experiments](http://www.expyriment.org/)

[OpenSesame: An open-source, graphical experiment builder for the social sciences](http://osdoc.cogsci.nl/)

[PsyScope X](http://psy.ck.sissa.it/)

[z-Tree - Zurich Toolbox for Readymade Economic Experiments](http://www.ztree.uzh.ch/en.html)

Commit message:

Theme
The Theme program has evolved over nearly 20 years (from
a Fortran IV version to a Delphi version) and now consists of
nearly one hundred thousand lines of source code. Therefore,
no source code is included in this paper, but a free copy of the
executable program for Windows 95/98/NT can be down-
loaded (www.hi.is/r-msm). In addition, at the time of this writ-
ing, a more powerful commercial version is being developed
and will be announced at the above site.

README.md, after:

# programacao-ac
Lista de programas de computador surgidos no contexto da análise do comportamento.

## Análise de dados, Banco de dados, Graficação

[Magnusson, M. S. (2000). Discovering hidden time patterns in behavior: T-patterns and their detection.](93–110. https://doi.org/10.3758/BF03200792)

[Picanço & Barros (2015). Symmetry Evaluation by Comparing Acquisition of Conditional Relations in Successive (Go/No-Go) Matching-to-Sample Training](https://github.com/cpicanco/publications_analysis/tree/master/picanco_etal_2015)

[Picanço & Tonneau (2016). Análise do comportamento por meio de rastreamento de movimentos oculares: uma nota técnica.](https://github.com/cpicanco/abpmc-2016)

## Controle de estímulos, Ensino individualizado, Esquemas de reforço

[EAM - Emparelhamento ao Modelo](https://github.com/eep-lab/eam)

[Generating Variable and Random Schedules of Reinforcement Using Microsoft Excel Macros](dx.doi.org/10.1901/jaba.2008.41-227)

[LECH-GEIC - Gerenciador de Ensino Individualizado por Computador](http://geic.ufscar.br/site/)

[MTS v 11.6, Software for research and education](http://www.scielo.br/scielo.php?script=sci_nlinks&ref=000097&pid=S0102-3772201000020000900011&lng=es)

[Software Contingência programada: Utilidade e Funcionalidades](http://www.periodicos.ufpa.br/index.php/rebac/article/view/3949)

[Software para aprendizagem e reabilitação auditiva usando a tentativa do tipo discriminação simples simultânea](http://www.br-ie.org/pub/index.php/wie/article/view/2080)

[Super State - A computer program for the control of operant behavioral experimentation](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jneumeth.2006.01.004)

[Stimulus control - Uma máquina de ensinar para experimentos comportamentais](https://github.com/cpicanco/stimulus_control)

[PaolaChoice](https://bitbucket.org/twoelz/paolachoice)

[RegraSensiMts](https://bitbucket.org/twoelz/regrasensimts)

## Cultura

[Free Culturant: A software for the experimental study of behavioral and cultural selection](http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/pne0000016)

[free-mtrix - Experimentos de seleção cultural e comportamento social livres](https://github.com/lacs-ufpa/free-mtrix)

[Lineages](https://bitbucket.org/twoelz/lineages)

[mtrix - Experimentos de seleção cultural e comportamento social](https://github.com/lacs-ufpa/mtrix)

## MED State Notation

[Operant Behaviour Programs for Med Associates chambers](https://github.com/SKhoo/MedStateNotation)

## Simuladores

[Sniffy, the virtual rat: Simulated operant conditioning](https://link.springer.com/article/10.3758/BF03204606)

## Testes, Exemplos e Protótipos

[Protótipos (Object Pascal)](https://github.com/cpicanco/free-pascal-prototypes)

# Programas surgidos em outros contextos, mas possivelmente de interesse do analista do comportamento

## Psicofísica

[PsychoPy—Psychophysics software in Python](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jneumeth.2006.11.017)

## Economia Experimental, Cognição, Neurociência

[Expyriment - A Python library for cognitive and neuroscientific experiments](http://www.expyriment.org/)

[OpenSesame: An open-source, graphical experiment builder for the social sciences](http://osdoc.cogsci.nl/)

[PsyScope X](http://psy.ck.sissa.it/)

[z-Tree - Zurich Toolbox for Readymade Economic Experiments](http://www.ztree.uzh.ch/en.html)
